Re-order formula for clarity (#304)
Green-Software-Foundation/software_carbon_intensity: Software_Carbon_Intensity/Software_Carbon_Intensity_Specification.md

#### Location-Based Marginal Carbon Intensity (`I`)

> The carbon intensity of electricity is a measure of how much carbon (CO2eq) emissions are produced per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity consumed. Because this standard uses a impact-based approach, marginal emissions rates MUST be used for electricity consumption. 

Author: HDR: Removing to separate discussion.
```suggestion
The carbon intensity of electricity is a measure of how much carbon (CO2eq) emissions are produced per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity consumed. Because this standard uses a consequential approach, marginal emissions rates MUST be used for electricity consumption. 
```
